README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github.com/bjw-s/bjw-s/blob/main/_assets/images/logo.jpg?raw=true" align="left" width="144px" height="144px"/>

<h1> helm-charts </h1>

</div>

<div align="center">

<a href="https://discord.gg/home-operations"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/673534664354430999?style=for-the-badge&label&logo=discord&logoColor=white&color=blue"></a>

</div>

<br><br>

👋 Welcome to my Helm Charts repository. This repo contains Helm charts that I have developed to run applications in my [home Kubernetes cluster](https://github.com/bjw-s-labs/home-ops/).
This repo is **not** intended to be a replacement for any of the large collections of Helm charts that are out there.

---

## Installation

[Helm](https://helm.sh) must be installed to use the charts in this repository.

The Helm repository can be installed as follows:

```console
helm repo add bjw-s https://bjw-s-labs.github.io/helm-charts
```

You can then run `helm search repo bjw-s` to search the charts.

---

### 📖 Docs

The documentation that goes along with this repo can be found [over here](https://bjw-s-labs.github.io/helm-charts/).

---

### 🔎 Support

If you like this project, please consider supporting my work through my [GitHub sponsorship page](https://github.com/sponsors/bjw-s?frequency=one-time).

---

### Contributing

If you wish to contribute to this repository, take a look at the [contributing instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md).

---

## How do I find people running these charts?

### Discord

Join the home-operations [Discord](https://discord.gg/home-operations) community on Discord.

### Repository topics

Have a look at people running Kubernetes at home by checking the ["`k8s-at-home`"](https://github.com/topics/k8s-at-home?o=desc&s=updated) or ["`kubesearch`"](https://github.com/topics/kubesearch?o=desc&s=updated) on GitHub.

### Search

You can use the awesome [kubesearch](https://kubesearch.dev) provided by [@whazor](https://github.com/whazor) to search for public
repositories containing any application you might wish to run.

---

### 🔏 License

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/bjw-s-labs/helm-charts/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

chore: Update org references from bjw-s-labs to owner
- Update GitHub Pages URL to owner.github.io/helm-charts
- Update OCI registry to ghcr.io/owner/helm
- Update all chart repo dependencies to owner Pages URL
- Update mkdocs site URL and repo links
- Replace GitHub App token with GITHUB_TOKEN for docs deploy
- Update JSON schema $id and $ref URLs
- Update renovate custom managers regex

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github.com/bjw-s/bjw-s/blob/main/_assets/images/logo.jpg?raw=true" align="left" width="144px" height="144px"/>

<h1> helm-charts </h1>

</div>

<div align="center">

<a href="https://discord.gg/home-operations"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/673534664354430999?style=for-the-badge&label&logo=discord&logoColor=white&color=blue"></a>

</div>

<br><br>

👋 Welcome to our Helm Charts repository. This repo contains Helm charts developed for running applications in Kubernetes clusters.
This repo is **not** intended to be a replacement for any of the large collections of Helm charts that are out there.

---

## Installation

[Helm](https://helm.sh) must be installed to use the charts in this repository.

The Helm repository can be installed as follows:

```console
helm repo add owner https://owner.github.io/helm-charts
```

You can then run `helm search repo bjw-s` to search the charts.

---

### 📖 Docs

The documentation that goes along with this repo can be found [over here](https://owner.github.io/helm-charts/).

---

### 🔎 Support

If you like this project, please consider supporting my work through my [GitHub sponsorship page](https://github.com/sponsors/bjw-s?frequency=one-time).

---

### Contributing

If you wish to contribute to this repository, take a look at the [contributing instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md).

---

## How do I find people running these charts?

### Discord

Join the home-operations [Discord](https://discord.gg/home-operations) community on Discord.

### Repository topics

Have a look at people running Kubernetes at home by checking the ["`k8s-at-home`"](https://github.com/topics/k8s-at-home?o=desc&s=updated) or ["`kubesearch`"](https://github.com/topics/kubesearch?o=desc&s=updated) on GitHub.

### Search

You can use the awesome [kubesearch](https://kubesearch.dev) provided by [@whazor](https://github.com/whazor) to search for public
repositories containing any application you might wish to run.

---

### 🔏 License

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/owner/helm-charts/blob/main/LICENSE)
